A pair of spacious semi detached houses in addition to a substantial rear yard with detailed planning consent for the creation of 2 detached dormer bungalows.

Accommodation - A pair of traditional semi-detached properties offering spacious accommodation, fronting directly onto Malton Road with a substantial rear yard enjoying detailed planning consent for the creation of two detached dwellings.

Holmleigh is a two bedroomed property which has been comprehensively upgraded in the recent past featuring a superb open plan dining kitchen at the rear of the house, forming part of a skilful extension.
There are two separate downstairs reception rooms in addition to a utility room, and both first floor bedrooms boast ensuite bathrooms.

Fieldhouse is a three bedroom property with downstairs bathroom which requires a programme of modernisation and upgrading. There is a large kitchen and utility room at the rear in addition to a through lounge.

Once the development is complete both properties will enjoy a courtyard gardens. Currently there is off street parking at the front of the property.

Planning - By Decision Number 22/00406/FUL planning consent has been granted for the erection of two detached dwellings, following the demolition of the existing outbuildings. A full set of electronic plans are available from the selling agent or through the City of York Council open access portal site.

Sevices - Mains services of electricity and water are understood to be available to the site. Prospective purchases are advised to satisfy themselves that the appropriate connections can be made:

A.LOCAL AUTHORITY
City Of York Council
West Offices
Station Rise
York YO1 6GA
Tel.

B.FOUL DRAINAGE AND WATER
Yorkshire Water Services
PO Box 52
Bradford, BD3 7YD
Tel:

C.HIGHWAYS
North Yorkshire County Council
County Hall
Northallerton, DL7 8AD
Tel:

Tenure - We assume the tenure to be freehold for the purposes of this report and unaffected by any rights of way, wayleaves, covenants, or other legal restrictions.
Please note that we have not had sight of any title deeds or other legal documents and our valuation assumes that the above information is correct and accurate.

Viewings - Strictly through prior arrangement with the selling agent.

Mode Of Sale - Offers are invited for the freehold interest in the site subject to contract only.

Agents Note - Although these particulars are thought to be materially correct their accuracy cannot be guaranteed and they do not form part of any contract.

Brochures