NO ONWARD CHAIN This spacious three bedroom detached property requires full refurbishment and resides on a generous plot with far reaching views to Bredon Hill and countryside views to the rear. The property is located in the popular village of Defford, Worcestershire.

The accommodation comprises a spacious living room with vast patio doors enjoying views of the rear garden and countryside beyond, an open fireplace, and continues around the chimney structure to a hallway with an open staircase to the first floor, access to a dining room, a cloakroom with shower, an entrance hall and a dated but fitted kitchen, with access to the double garage and a boiler cupboard.
To the first floor is a landing area, three bedrooms each with cupboard space and eve storage and a contemporary shower room with fitted units.

To the front of the property is an extensive garden enjoying elevated views towards Bredon Hill with a driveway which leads to the double garden and front of the property.

To the rear is an additional extensive garden with a patio area to the rear and side of the property, established bedding areas, a lawn area and fruit trees. The rear and side of the garden backs onto agricultural land.

The property benefits from double glazing throughout, oil fired hot water and central heating and access to high speed broadband internet.

The village of Defford boasts a public house, a primary school and village hall. The nearby town of Pershore and the riverside market town of Upton-upon-Severn provide a good range of amenities.

The market town of Pershore is Georgian styled and provides high street shopping facilities and supermarket together with an indoor market and leisure complex. The river Avon runs to the east of the town lending itself to scenic walks and leisure pursuits. There are two medical centres and hospital and town library, together with excellent educational facilities within the area. Pershore has Number 8 which is run by voluntary help and provides theatre activities, a cinema, ballet and yoga classes and is very much a part of Pershore community living.

Pershore train station or the newly constructed Worcestershire Parkway Station provides links directly to London Paddington or Worcester Shrub Hill travelling on to Birmingham. The motorway is approximately nine miles distant at Worcester junction 7 of the M5, bringing Birmingham to the north and Bristol to the south within commutable distance. Other main centres are Stratford-upon-Avon with the theatre and racecourse, Cheltenham with National Hunt horse racing and the Everyman Theatre and major main shopping facilities, Worcester with famous Cathedral and equally famous cricket club together with the River Severn and good shopping centre.

EPC Rating: E

Local District Council: Wychavon

Council Tax band: F

Jones & Associates, bespoke estate agents, are the highest rated estate agent in Pershore & the surrounding villages for customer service, by Google customer reviews, and we have been involved in bespoke estate agency within the area for over 20 years whilst retaining an extensive network of independent estate agents throughout the London region and U.K., which means you receive a highly dedicated personal service backed up by extremely effective marketing and a vast proactive buyer network.